Update real-user-monitoring.md (#1241)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/real-user-monitoring.md

1. Enter **Advanced options for Browser RUM**. A list of FAQs on the page can provide help for these options. A table with all the available configuration parameters is available in the [Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry auto-instrumentation for JavaScript](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-opentelemetry-js) README file.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/rum/RUM-HTTP-Traces-Source-Advanced.png')} alt="Real User Monitoring" width="300"/>
   * **Application Name** (recommended): Add an **Application Name** tag of a text string to show for the app name in spans, for example `bookings-app`. This groups services in the Application Service View. If left blank, services will belong to a "default" application. See [Application Service Dashboards](/docs/apm/traces/working-with-tracing-data/service-map.md) for more information. This setting is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_application`.

>    * **Service Name** (required): Add a **Service Name** of a text string to show for the service name in spans, for example `bookings-web-app`. This setting is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_service`.<br/><br/>To set up a service name dynamically (e.g., to have different service names for micro-frontend packages), leverage the `getOverriddenServiceName` function inside your page code to overwrite the default service name (requires RUM script v.4.2.0 or higher). Service names should be of low cardinality and should describe parts of your website above page level. Here's an example code leveraging that function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Service Name** (required): Add a **Service Name** of a text string to show for the service name in spans, for example `bookings-web-app`. This setting is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_service`.<br/><br/>To set up a service name dynamically (e.g., to have different service names for micro-frontend packages), leverage the `getOverriddenServiceName` function inside your page code to overwrite the default service name (requires RUM script v4.2.0 or higher). Service names should be of low cardinality and should describe parts of your website above page level. Here's an example code leveraging that function:
```
